Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
And today we'll be talking about an action
comedy film called Kung Fu Hustle!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere in a police station of Shanghai,
a local mafia boss is beating up the police
officers for arresting his beautiful wife,
while no one dares to retaliate.
He leaves the building while shouting at the
officers and walks towards the streets, but
quickly notices something wrong as all their
cars are missing.
An army of rival gangsters from the axe gang
appears in front of the group, surrounding
the men, leaving them no where to run.
The gangsters begin shooting their rivals,
while the mafia boss tries to run away,
but one of the generals throws an axe at the
running man and cuts off one of his legs,
causing him to fall to the ground.
The axe gang leader, Brother Sum, takes a
weapon and begins dancing horrifically towards
the mafia boss, ignoring the man's plead for
mercy while striking him repeatedly.
It turns out that the gangsters paid the officers
a lot of money to not interfere,
and they continue to terrorize the town with
their horrendous dances, killing everyone
that stood in their way.
In theses chaotic times where the gangsters
rule over the people, only a poor town like
the pigsty valley can live peacefully, as
the gangs have no interest in their poverty.
The entire place is owned by a landlord that
seems to be drunk all the time,
and terrorizes the people by flirting with
them, regardless if the person is a middle
aged man or this unique looking woman with
extraordinary teeth.
The truth is that no one can escape from his
masculine charm, except for his wife, the
landlady, who appears to be angry all the
time.
Her hobby includes shouting at the tenants
for their late payments and knocking out their
most handsome man in the village.
Somewhere in the outskirts of the village,
two mysterious men look upon the people and
plans to unleash their evil schemes.
They go into the town and begins to blackmails
the handsome man for money, claiming that
they are from the axe gang.
However, their threats are not met with any
fear, as the villagers begin to surround the
place in hostility.
Realizing that he probably chose the wrong
town to terrorize, the skinny man, Sing, tries
to run away, but gets stopped Immediately
by the landlady.
The women proceeds to hit him furiously with
a slipper, causing the man to run in fear.
Sing threatens to call for backup and throws
a firecracker behind the walls, hitting someone
as a result.
Surprisingly, he actually alerted the general
from the axe gang by blowing up the man's
hat,
and the gangsters walk into the town with
anger, demanding to know who was throwing
the bombs.
Sing tells the man that it was one of the
people inside, and the general proceeds to
walk towards the landlady.
The woman senses trouble and runs away in
blinding speed, leaving all her tenant to
fend for themselves.
The situation is made worse when the handsome
man tells the gang leader that he's not afraid
of their threats, causing the general to walk
forward, planning to strike him with the axe.
However, the man is attacked by a mysterious
force and knocked inside a barrel, breaking
his spine and forcing the gang to call for
backup.
Soon, an army of gangsters arrive inside the
Pigsty valley, and begins terrorizing everyone
who stands in their way.
They take a young girl hostage and pours gasoline
over her body, demanding to know the person
responsible for killing the captain.
After not receiving any response, the gang
leader throws a lighter at the girl, but the
attempt was stopped by a young man who claims
to be the one responsible.
The gangsters charge at him in fury, but he
proceeds to counter using a barrage of kicks,
knocking the criminals onto the floor.
Suddenly, numerous men are knocked away by
a powerful punch, as the tailor appears from
the crowd as well, fighting the enemies in
order to help the young man.
The gang tries to fight back by grabbing their
guns, but before they can shoot, the weapons
are destroyed as they're sent flying towards
the walls.
The restaurant owner named Donut charges out
and begins attacking the gangsters using a
stick, breaking their weapons and sending
them flying backwards.
The man's furious attacks conjures a sandstorm,
where only agonizing screams of the criminals
can be heard.
When everything begins to settle, the gangsters
are all defeated on the ground as they desperately
try to get away from the town.
The gang leader is furious after what happened,
and blames Sing and his brother for causing
them great embarrassment, as the two are not
even part of the gang.
Sum tells his men to kill them, but when the
gangster throws the axe at the main character,
he manages to escape right before the weapon
hits.
The gang leader is impressed with the man's
skills and tells him to go kill one of the
people from the Pigsty valley, if he ever
wants to join the axe gang.
After leaving the mafia's hideout, Sing lectures
his brother, Bone, about being ambitious,
and tells him that they'll have everything
if they can join the gangsters.
Bone questions how they can kill anyone from
the Pigsty valley, as they all seem to be
very powerful, but Sing reveals that he also
knows Kung Fu ever since he was a little boy.
Apparently, he used up all the money that
he saved to buy a book from a beggar who claims
that it'll give him great powers.
Instead of going to school and becoming a
doctor, Sing decided to practice Kung Fu as
he wanted to protect the world from evil.
One day, he sees a mute girl being bullied
by a group of young boys, and orders them
to stop.
Sing decides to help her by using his Kung
Fu, but quickly gets beat up and knocked to
the floor.
The boys embarrass him and laughs at his efforts
and leaves the two defeated on the ground.
Ever since that day, Sing decided that good
people can never win in this world, and swears
to be a bad person in order to succeed.
He sees an ice cream cart and runs towards
it, pretending to be a customer, but runs
away quickly after grabbing the cones,
leaving the girl to chase after them hopelessly
as Sing laughs at her efforts.
Meanwhile, Brother Sum has decided to hire
professional killers to take vengeance on
the people from the Pigsty valley.
The two men appears to be blind, but their
names are notorious in the criminal world
as they're known to kill their enemies using
their music.
When the advisor flatters them by calling
the assassins the strongest killers, they
decline with humility,
claiming that another man known as the beast
is much more powerful, but currently locked
up in the asylum.
At night, one of the fighters decides to leave
the village to avoid anymore trouble, but
sees a musician playing his instrument.
The man begins walking away from the music
as objects behind him are cut into pieces
by the soundwaves.
He quickly realizes that something is wrong,
but fails to react in time as the assasin
decapitates him.
At the same time, the tailor is ambushed by
the second musician and forced to fight back
as they exchange blows.
The two are equally matched in close combat,
and their struggle eventually causes them
to crash out from the buildings, where the
first musician is waiting for them.
The blind man starts attacking the tailor
using the soundwaves and sends him flying
across the field.
Before the man can be killed by the continuous
attacks, the restaurant owner shows up and
saves the tailor.
The fighter is able to counter the enemy's
attacks more efficiently using the spear,
and he throws all the weapons towards the
assassins.
Donut flies towards the incoming waves as
he deflects the attacks, getting closer towards
the opponents as the music intensifies.
The man is able to reach the musicians with
the last weapon, but hits a force field that
stops the attack, and gets knocked away by
the enemy's counter.
The musicians regain their position and continues
to fire without mercy, and the tailor pushes
Donut away from danger, but fatally damaging
himself in the process.
Before the the two are killed by the onslaught,
the waves are dispersed by the shouting of
the landlady.
The assassins realize that there's another
powerful entity here, and tries to pursue
the woman, but are stopped quickly by the
landlord who descents from the sky.
The assassins try to punch the man, but their
attacks bounce off from the landlord's body
and causes them to hit each other instead.
The landlord grabs onto the two men and begins
throwing them in a circle, eventually tossing
them away like ragdolls.
The assassins recover and tries to use their
most powerful attack, turning the sound waves
into skeleton warriors that fly towards at
the man.
The landlady steps in and counters using her
shouting technique, scattering the demons
into pieces and blasting the musicians away.
When the fight is over, The people in the
town tries to save the heroes, but two of
them died already, and Donut eventually succumbs
to his wounds as well.
The next day, Sing tries to bully a passenger
on the train, but proceeds to get beat up
repeatedly and thrown off the vehicle like
a common beggar.
He blame his brother for not being evil enough,
and complains that they haven't killed anyone
after so many days, questioning how they can
join the gangsters like this.
He sees the ice cream girl again and rushes
towards her, demanding that she give him all
her money and throwing her on the ground.
Sing grabs the girl a second time and threatens
her with a knife, but only sees tears falling
from her eyes.
Bone manages to find the money inside the
cart, and they grabs the coins and prepare
to run,
but Sing notices the girl using sign language
to communicate with him and becomes aware
of who she really is.
The girl shows Sing the lollipop from years
ago, and reveals that she was in fact the
mute girl who the main character tried to
save when they were Kids.
Upon realizing the truth, the man feels terrible,
and he smashes the lollipop onto the floor
before running away.
Before Sing can reflect on his mistakes, he's
taken in by the gangsters and brought towards
brother Sum, who tells him that he's part
of the Gang now and gives him a new mission.
The man is brought to a psychiatric hospital
and the advisors tells him to break out a
killer who's kept in the deepest part of the
building.
Sing rushes towards the hospital and makes
it inside, eventually arriving underground
where the hallway is filled with frogs.
He picks the lock and opens the metal door,
only to see an old man sitting on the toilet.
They bring back the person, and the gangsters
have trouble believing that this is the legendary
killer who's called the beast.
The advisor explains that their leader wants
the man to kill two people, and are willing
to pay anything, but doubts that the old man
is actually the right person.
the Gangster pulls out a gun and points it
towards the man, but he quickly takes the
weapon away, and points it towards his own
head.
The man pulls the trigger and fires, but amazingly,
he's able to catch the bullet using only two
fingers, while everyone watches in amazement.
The beast turns towards the walls and stomps
on the floor using incredible power, blasting
a giant hole through the room as everyone
in the casino run for their lives.
The killer leaps forward and sees the opponents
waiting for him beside the table, who turns
out to be the landlady and the landlord, coming
here to destroy the axe gang forever.
The couple shows the gangsters the funeral
bell that they brought as gift, causing brother
Sum to scream at them with anger.
The woman kicks the killer from below, splitting
the table in half, while her husband kicks
the man directly on the face, but they are
not able to move the beast at all.
The two regroups and jumps towards the enemy,
attacking with their combined efforts, but
are quickly knocked back and sent flying into
the air.
The killer begins striking the husband using
incredible speed, while the man desperately
tries to evade the punches, but failing at
the last moment and gets knocked towards the
walls.
The woman flies in begins using her shouting
technique, sending a shockwave that knock
away everything, but only manages to push
the enemy backwards a little bit.
The killer laughs at her efforts and proceeds
to attack the woman without mercy, sending
her across the room.
Seeing that the opponent is vastly more powerful,
the landlady goes to the giant bell that they
brought, and hits it on the top with immense
force, breaking open the giant metal.
The woman turns the bell into a massive amplifier
and begins using her lion's roar, sending
a massive shockwave towards the enemy as it
destroys everything in sight.
The attack was so powerful that it sends the
beast flying backwards along side everything
else, as it generates a tornado inside the
building that rips apart the entire room.
Surprisingly, the killer was able to survive
as he crawls on the ground, but the couple
jumps in and prepares to fire a second round.
However, the enemy quickly admits defeat and
begs for mercy, but when the couple lowers
their guard, the man attack them using the
flower daggers and stabs them in the stomach.
The three are quickly tangled up in a stalemate
as they struggle to attack the opponent's
weak spots.
The gang leader sees this and immediately
tells Sing to strike the couple on the head
using a wooden bat.
The main character hesitates to attack but
eventually decides to hit the killer right
on the head, causing the man to break free
in a surge of fury that throws the couple
away.
The killer throws the main character onto
the floor and punches the man's face with
anger, knocking his head into the ground.
However, the beast quickly notices something
wrong and sees that the couple has disappeared,
and realizes that they took Sing with them
as well.
The couple takes the man back to the Pigsty
valley and tries to help him by using medical
herbs and bandages,
but are surprised to see that Sing is somehow
still alive even after sustaining such damage.
They speculate that the only way the main
character is not dead, must be because the
damages actually awakened the man's hidden
powers.
At the same time, the gangsters have arrived
at the Pigsty valley that's completely abandoned
by the residents,
and the beast finds the remains of bandages
where it looks like a giant cocoon has been
hatched.
The gangsters walk out from the buildings,
and the killer is surprised to see that Sing
is still alive even after getting beat to
near death.
The mob charges at the main character and
tries to kill him using their weapons, but
their attacks are quickly evaded as Sing knocks
them flying using little efforts.
He kicks the gangsters across the field as
they land onto the lower platform.
The criminals try to surround the fighter
and attack him all together, but Sing demonstrates
superhuman abilities and proceeds to kick
the men through the buildings.
The gangsters try to escape and run towards
the beast, but they are defeated quickly one
by one, eventually only leaving Sing and the
killer still standing.
The main character punches the enemy in the
face and kicks him in the stomach, causing
the opponent to fly downwards onto the floor,
but is surprised to see that the man is barely
damaged from the furious attacks.
He then tries attacking the enemy using a
barrage of punches, but the strikes are quickly
stopped by the opponent, as the old man is
able to catch the flying hands.
Sing steps on the man's feet, causing him
to scream in agony.
He then proceeds with a devastating kick that
knocks the man onto the ground and punches
him across the field.
The killer decides to switch techniques and
begins imitating a frog as he lays on the
ground.
The man launches towards Sing with incredible
speed and knocks him through the building,
crashing into the walls.
The hero tries to run towards higher grounds
as he leaps across the floors, but the beast
locks onto his movements and launches at the
man, sending him into the sky.
The attack was so powerful that Sing disappeared
into the atmospheres.
The man continues flying outwards, but eventually
slows down as he regains control over his
momentum and looks upon the sky, where he
sees a giant Buddha formed by the clouds.
Sing closes the palms and begins flying downwards,
picking up incredible speed as he charges
towards the beast.
The man's palms begin to catch on fire, and
the flames quickly engulf his entire body.
The killer feels something wrong as he senses
the immense pressure coming from the sky,
and sees what appears to be a meteorite falling
towards him.
Sing uses the Buddhist palm technique, which
makes a gigantic crater under the opponent,
crushing him with enormous gravity from above.
The beast quickly begs for mercy and Sing
pulls back the attack while flying across
the sky.
Just like before, the killer tries to ambush
the main character using the same dagger,
but Sing quickly counters and strikes right
behind the man, breaking apart the entire
building in the process.
After seeing the incredible power difference
between the two, the killer surrenders and
kneels before Sing, finally admitting defeat
like never before.
sometimes later, the ice cream girl pushes
her cart across the street, and sees a newly
opened candy shop in the city.
She goes to the front and sees that Bone is
now working as the assistance for the store.
Sing notices the girl right away and quickly
goes towards her while smiling at his friend.
The girl returns the warmness as she sees
that Sing has finally become his true self.
They begin remembering how they were when
they saw each other for the first time, and
Sing welcomes the girl into the store with
happiness.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below!
And if you like my video, please press like
and subscribe for more!
I'll see you guys next time!